

                        //    THE OS THAT YOU CHOOSE TO USE IS VERY IMPORTANT BASED ON YOUR NEED

I recommend using KALI linux 1.0/2.0 .
Its fairly useful because it has many preinstalled stuff that you will need. 
There are many ways to get it on your PC and here I have explained all the ways which i found to 
be neat and useful.

// IF YOU CHOOSE KALI LINUX 1.0 (DONT IGNORE IT JUST CUZ IT IS OLDER, I STILL USE IT :p)

1) virtual box

	This is the most efficient and best method because if there are any errors that occus in your pc or 
you end up messing up your NIC(a little) it wont be much of a worry cuz it is only on virtual box.
Virtual box is a software on which OSs' are virtually run, so you can run any other version of linux that you like as
well.

	To set this up you need to download an appropriate version of virtual box
	LINK: https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads 
	click on the amd64/x86 hyperlink (BTW and64 is a processor architecture)

	Im not sure if 1.0 is available so ill put it up.
	
	Then you just install virtual box and click new.
	
	Name your machine whatever and choose the OS version
	SET it to about 1/2 of your total RAM or 1/4th of RAM.
	create a new virtual hard disk and dynamically allocate about 10 GB.
	Select settings for the new virtual machine > storage > sata drive add new
	give the address for your .iso image.

2) usb booting with persistence

	This is the method that I used. You will need a USB or hard drive - external.
Download and install minitool partition wizard. If it is recommended that you use 
the whole drive, if USB, and you wipe the drive. In this method the external drive acts as portable computer
which can be plugged into any computer and booted into. Partition the USB into 2(or3)
parts 
- 1 with 4 GB in fat32 format 
- 2 with the rest of the memory (only if it is USB, if it is an
external hard drive you can allocate as much as you want the OS drive space to be recommended:20GB) in ext2 format,
and label it persistence. <--- THIS IS IMPORTANT
(NOTE: this is the new OSs'drive memory)
- 3 (only if it is an external hard drive) rest of the memory in NTFS (NOTE: this is the memory that will still be available for use as an external hard drive.) 

	Next you need to get USB universal installer. -> http://www.pendrivelinux.com/universal-usb-installer-easy-as-1-2-3/
	Now plug in your drive and open USB universal installer and follow the step for kali linux.
	make sure that you install it into part 1 of the drive.
